it's the girls you never go
believe what happened to me
so I sat quietly in the
mouth chemistry is all cute
when Kevin approached me and
asked to work in pairs with him
but that's where they ask me to
pass the bottle containing the solution
liquid ali you can pass me
this liquid solution glv stretched the
placo and our hands were touching seven
niall projects we received text messages ali
I have too much to know then that
did it happen with kevin that's what
I explained to our earthly friends he
wants to go out with me
Too cute you have to show a
picture of him to our friends you do not have
better as a photo it's not easy
to take a discreetly small picture
demonstration you pretend to be
take a picture you rotate
the camera towards its target
and then all ears what do you have
on the face
no idea the girls I do not want
alarm you but jacques riou cours
of today's history that you could
have caught peach on your face
it would surprise me that I have an illness that
no longer exists since the eighteenth century
so that's the end according to the dictionary
earthly it could be a
pustule apparently the appearance of these
buttons is quite common
it is caused by the absorption of
some foods like chocolate and
fries and pizzas the milkshake at
web
seriously it's crazy girls I do not
do not know what to do we have an appointment
you Saturday but I'll see kevin tomorrow
at the neck I will not panic
we calm down I read on the internet that
earthly is going on this third notion
attract to the bones it burns that can
bear this pain that I do not know
nothing but I have it is very painful
you can also call it sam
a corrector 10 to hide the buttons
sailing no I'm not convinced
seigneurial and kevin will not blame you
for his life will not even notice your
sylvester button too I'm so
happy to go out with kevin
it's true I do not want to drown it
Kevin I cut the microphone
what am I going to tell him I am
really sorry they play but I
will come storm fatigue is raging
good I do what now I do not do
not yet you have to think and elaborate
a plan before talking while eating
okay let's go but we forget the
fries